docs/P5SPECIFICATIONS.md, before:

# P5 Specifications
---

- External dependencies: pandas (recommended). Therefore, we'll need a local virtual environment for our project. 
- We also use sqlite3 from the Python Standard Library.
- Practice key skills is recommended to help learn the process for best results. 

---

### sql_create folder:
- 01_drop_tables.sql - drop tables to restart
- 02_create_tables.sql - create your database schema using sql
- 03_insert_records.sql - insert at least 10 additional records into each table.
  
###  db01_setup.py:
- Create a Python script that demonstrates the ability to create a database, define a schema, and insert records. Make it easy to re-run by dropping the tables first.

---

### sql_features folder:

- update_records.sql - update 1 or more records in a table.
- delete_records.sql - delete 1 or more records from a table.

### db02_features.py
- Create a Python script that demonstrates the ability to run sql scripts to interact with fields, update records, delete records, and maybe add additional columns.

---

### sql_queries folder:

- query_aggregation.sql - use aggregation functions including COUNT, AVG, SUM.
- query_filter.sql - use WHERE to filter data based on conditions.
- query_sorting.sql - use ORDER BY to sort data.
- query_group_by.sql - use GROUP BY clause (and optionally with aggregation)
- query_join.sql - use INNER JOIN operation and optionally include LEFT JOIN, RIGHT JOIN, etc.

### Use Python to execute the SQL queries and maybe chart, illustrate, and/or summarize your findings:

### db03_queries.py

---

Commit message:

V 10.4 - adding data_addition.sql to P5SPECIFICATIONS.md

docs/P5SPECIFICATIONS.md, after:

# P5 Specifications
---

- External dependencies: pandas and matplotlib. Therefore, we'll need a local virtual environment for our project. 
- We also use sqlite3 from the Python Standard Library.
- Practice key skills is recommended to help learn the process for best results. 

---

### sql_create folder:
- 01_drop_tables.sql - drop tables to restart
- 02_create_tables.sql - create your database schema using sql
- 03_insert_records.sql - insert at least 10 additional records into each table.
  
###  db01_setup.py:
- Create a Python script that demonstrates the ability to create a database, define a schema, and insert records. Make it easy to re-run by dropping the tables first.

---

### sql_features folder:

- update_records.sql - update 1 or more records in a table.
- delete_records.sql - delete 1 or more records from a table.

### db02_features.py
- Create a Python script that demonstrates the ability to run sql scripts to interact with fields, update records, delete records, and maybe add additional columns.

---

### sql_queries folder:

- data_addition.sql - adding book_price to give more data for SQL queries.
- query_aggregation.sql - use aggregation functions including COUNT, AVG, SUM.
- query_filters.sql - use WHERE to filter data based on conditions.
- query_sorting.sql - use ORDER BY to sort data.
- query_group_by.sql - use GROUP BY clause (and optionally with aggregation)
- query_join.sql - use INNER JOIN operation and optionally include LEFT JOIN, RIGHT JOIN, etc.

### Use Python to execute the SQL queries and maybe chart, illustrate, and/or summarize your findings:

### db03_queries.py

---
